* ### This project is basically a single page office-management retail POS system. In this project, office officials or employees will be able to order the daily necessities of their office through this dashboard. Here, officials or employees will order the product they need on the dashboard from their admin. If the admin approves the product, he will receive that product. If he does not approve or deletes it, that product request will not be considered approved. A product can be added here only once, but the quantity of the product can be increased. When the products are requested from the admin, the user's email and name must be verified. If verification is not received, he will not be considered an authentic user. To access this dashboard, he has to be an authentic user and the admin will create an email address for that user. Then when he logs in, that user will be verified. If he gets verified, he will be allowed to enter immediately, otherwise he will not be allowed.Here both users and admins can delete their products, but admins can only see users, users cannot see users, and admins can only delete users. Using this system makes it possible to reduce excess expenses and see what expenses are being incurred for what reasons.

* ### In this project we using the react.js, rect route, tailwind css, daisyui, localstorage, count-up, react-helmet, sweetalert2, node.js, express.js, mongodb

* ### name: admin, email : admin@gmail.com, password : 123456

* ### live link: (https://creative-axolotl-782f50.netlify.app/login)
* ### code link: (https://github.com/sohanwebdevctg/react4-office-management-retail-pos-system)